Name: MPLAYER_OPTS
Description: Contains arguments to be passed to mplayer when invoking it.
Information: Only input valid mplayer arguments, otherwise you'll make mplayer die.

Name: MENCODER_OPTS
Description: Contains arguments to be passed to mencoder when invoking it.
Information: Only input valid mencoder arguments, otherwise you'll make mencoder die.
Also, the reason for there being an mencoder and an mplayer variant of these is mplayer
and mencoder have a few options that cause the others to die.

Name: FILEMERGE_ARGS
Description: Contains a list of files and arguments to be passed to the program called by merge_files.
Information: FILEMERGE_ARGS should be set dependent on the application used, for example, MP4Box needs
an argument before adding a file (in this case -add) whereas mkvmerge does not. Please also note that
you can add any argument you wish here and it will be passed to the command.

Name: VIDEO_FPS
Description: Contains the framerate of the video we are encoding/muxing.
Information: You are required to export this for raw video muxing, encoding and bitrate 
calculation. In ANY script dealing with video, you SHOULD export this by using the
mplayer_retrieve_info function to get the information about the file, please note though,
that in some cases mplayer might not be able to retrieve such information (if it was say
a raw, unmuxed, stream this might be the case), in which case you should set this manually.

Name: VIDEO_LENGTH
Description: Contains the length of the video we are calculating the bitrate for.
Information: At the moment, this is only required for calculating video bitrate, but should
you need the length of the video at a later point in a script, even if you are not using bitrate
calculation, it is advised you use this variable.

Name: OVC
Description: Contains the mencoder video codec to use.
Information: You must define this variable as if passing -ovc to mencoder, e.g. lavc, xvid, x264, nuv,
depending on the codec you wish to encode to. Please remember than video_encode outputs a raw stream with
no muxing.

Name: OVCOPTS (OVCOPTS_PASS1 and PASS2 as well)
Description: Contains the options to pass to mencoder for the selected codec.
Information: You are expected to add the -lavcopts or such depending on the codec you are using, this is NOT
done for you. The basic format is export OVCOPTS="-lavcopts vcodec=mpeg4:vbitrate=900:v4mv=1", meaning the argument
then the codec options. The OVCOPTS_PASS1 and OVCOPTS_PASS2 variables are basically the same as OVCOPTS, but PASS1
is used on the first pass of two or three pass encoding, it specifies the options used then (note you MUST add the
proper pass definiton to the variable). PASS2 is used on the second of three pass encoding, meaning it is pass=3, not
pass=2 (final pass).

Name: AQUALITY
Description: Contains the targetted quality for audio encoding, uses a Vorbis scale.
Information: Works on a Vorbis scale, with 10 being highest quality, 1 being lowest. This variable is
mapped for encoding and bitrate calculation to either a bitrate or an inverted scale (for FLAC encoding).


